Started: Monday May 2nd 2022 at 1:47...

As of 7:50 pm on 5/2/22,
    I have the basics tested out for locations.
    If you put a letter, program will freak out and will end eventually.
    Otherwise everything else seems to be working.

As of 11 at night on 05/02/22,
    I have managed to get the method working for gathering data and creating a sample receipt that
    prints the order to the output console. (no price tag).
    The next steps is trying to get the customizations in a class and then call and return values.
    I want to be able to have the menu separate from the customizations. Otherwise the code will be too much code.
    Any other sizes or customizations will all be in one file.
    When the user is done, redirect to menu for more choices.

    If user is ready to pay:
    In terms of price tag, I should create a global variable that tracks how many of each item is there.
    In the very end when it comes for payment, we calculate sample prices and stuff like that.

    Must create payment class that takes credit card and a class to view cart.
    I don't know how to delete a single item in the cart so we will empty the entire cart.

As of 11 in the morning on 05/03/22
    I have managed to get the hot coffees done and working!

As of 8:30 on 05/03/22
    I have got 4 cases done. I have also gotten the payment to work as well.
    My next step is to print the receipt to a txt file and try get the removing things from basket to work.
        To do this, I should try ask the user if the basket looks good in the menu itself and then
        do all the algorithm stuff in the switch statement itself. This will add a bunch of code, but it might work.
    After that, I need to finish the customizations for other products and get the other products in the database.
    Everything else seems to work just fine.

As of 11:58 on 05/03/22
    I have fixed the removing items from basket glitch.
    Things to do for the cold Coffees:
        ice, and room, lemonade. (add iceCustomization method)
    Things to do for the iced teas:
        the first two are bottled, make sure to not have customizations. For the rest, please have it.
    Things to do for cold drinks:
        have special method. coldDCustomization method
        There is alot of bottled stuff, do not add customizations to them. Only open drinks.

As of 12:54 am on 05/03/22
       I have done cold Coffees. I have to do ice teas and cold drinks then focus on breakfast and lunch.
       After that, I will have to do do merchandise and then calculate the total cost in the cart class.
       Currently with 15000 lines of code.
        Things to do for the iced teas:
               the first two are bottled, make sure to not have customizations. For the rest, please have it.
               They should use the tea customizations.
        Things to do for cold drinks:
               have special method. coldDCustomization method
               There is alot of bottled stuff, do not add customizations to them. Only open drinks.


As of 11:30 on 05/04/22
        Done with all the drink.
        To do:
        Fix the customization options for the cold drinks.
        Create customizations for hot breakfast
            have a separate method for siracha only
        Lunch will only have an add on for siracha.
        The boxes will not have add ons

As of 3:11 in the morning of 05/05/22
    Must fix the price tag on the last two methods. and finish the last method that was working on.


As of noon on 05/05/22
    I have fixed the price tag and I'm working on the lunch method. I need snack and oaty method right after that.
    I have made the sirracha method and will begin the lunch method. The boxes will be $5.
    The snacks will be $2. the oatmeals will be $3. The oatmeals need another custumization method.

    size of things : protein box, snacks, grande, short, tall, venti, food.

	short = 3.50.   Capital
	tall = 4.00.     cap 
	grande = 4.5.    cap
	venti = 5.00.     cap 
	protein box = 5.00.  proteinbox 
	snacks = 2.00.        snacks
	food = 4.00.      food


As of 05/05/ 6:07
    I am practically finished with the project.
    The last thing I need to do is use exception Handling to clean the bugs out of user input.
    I should be done with this lab by the end of lab tomorrow.